:book: adding info about the release process (#2030)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: RELEASE.md

The Kubebuilder Project is released on an as-needed basis. The process is as follows:

1. An issue is proposing a new release with a changelog since the last release. You will need to use the [kubebuilder-release-tools][kubebuilder-release-tools] to generate the notes. See [here][release-notes-generation]
1. All [OWNERS](OWNERS) must LGTM this release

> 1. An OWNER runs `git tag -s $VERSION` and inserts the changelog and pushes the tag with `git push $VERSION`. Note that after you push the tag the `ci` will automatically add the release notes and the assets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. An OWNER runs `git tag -s $VERSION` and pushes the tag with `git push $VERSION`. Note that after you push the tag the CI will automatically add the release notes and the assets. 
```

> 1. A PR needs to be created to merge `release-3` branch into `book-v3` to pick up the new docs. 

Reviewer: Using generic versions should be prefered so that we do not need to update instructions every release.
```suggestion
1. A PR needs to be created to merge `release-X` branch into `book-vX` to pick up the new docs. 
```
